.TH Requiem "1" "June 2007" "requiemdb-admin" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
requiemdb-admin \- tool to copy, move, delete, save or restore a requiem database
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B requiemdb-admin
\fIcopy|move|delete|load|save\fR \fIarguments\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
requiemdb-admin can be used to copy, move, delete, save or restore a requiem
database, partly or in whole, while preserving IDMEF data consistency.
.PP
Mandatory arguments
.TP
\fBcopy\fR
Make a copy of a Requiem database to another database.
.TP
\fBdelete\fR
Delete content of a Requiem database.
.TP
\fBload\fR
Load a Requiem database from a file.
.TP
\fBmove\fR
Move content of a Requiem database to another database.
.TP
\fBsave\fR
Save a Requiem database to a file.
.PP
Running a command without providing arguments will display a detailed help.
.SH EXAMPLES
Obtaining help on a specific command:

.RS
.nf
# requiemdb-admin save
Usage  : save <alert|heartbeat> <database> <filename> [options]
Example: requiemdb-admin save alert "type=mysql name=dbname user=requiem" outputfile

Save messages from <database> into [filename].
If no filename argument is provided, data will be written to standard output.

Database arguments:
  type  : Type of database (mysql/pgsql).
  name  : Name of the database.
  user  : User to access the database.
  pass  : Password to access the database.

Valid options:
  --offset <offset>               : Skip processing until 'offset' events.
  --count <count>                 : Process at most count events.
  --query-logging [filename]      : Log SQL query to the specified file.
  --criteria <criteria>           : Only process events matching criteria.
  --events-per-transaction        : Maximum number of event to process per transaction (default 1000).
.fi
.RE

Requiemdb-admin can be useful to delete events from a requiem database :

.RS
.nf
requiemdb-admin delete alert --criteria <criteria> "type=<mysql> name=<dbname> user=<requiem-user> pass=<pass>"
.fi
.RE

where \fIcriteria\fR is an IDMEF criteria :

.RS
.nf
requiemdb-admin delete alert --criteria "alert.classification.text == 'UDP packet dropped'" "type=mysql name=requiem user=requiem-user pass=requiem-pass"
.fi
.RE

This will delete all event with the classification text "UDP packet dropped" from the database.
.SH SEE ALSO
Requiem homepage: \fIhttp://requiem-forasiem.github.com/\fR
.SH AUTHOR
This manpage was Written by Pierre Chifflier.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2006 PreludeIDS Technologies.
.br
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of
the GNU General Public License <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
